the episode starts with the walkers
approaching the meridian
pope is a sharp guy pretty soon he
notices that something is not right all
right
so he dispatches wells to divert the
walkers away from him wells begins to
guide the walkers away for so he
believed
however he was surrounded by walkers led
by negan and maggie who stabbed and
murdered him
pope was skeptical that maggie had
something to do with all of this when
wells didn't come back he confirmed it
so when leia was about to pursue wells
he told her that it would be a waste of
time because maggie had already caught
up with him what was he bait he was a
soldier
the people in alexandria are in the
midst of a crisis the storm has blown
the walls apart the doors aren't holding
and walkers are trying to get inside
from the other side i'll go with you
rosita is determined to keep everyone
safe she walked outside to fight the
walkers and buy some time
somehow she has turned the dead against
the liver hope is confident that the
walkers can't get to the walls
daryl kills one of the reapers and helps
gabriel and maggie to get inside the
meridian
their goal was to sneak in and get some
food for their people before they starve
to death
back in alexandria the door wasn't
holding anymore so all of them goes
upstairs and hides
pope asks leia to prepare their ultimate
weapon
ready to watch
daryl tells leia the truth it was
absolutely a gamble for him i'll start
without any good people
maggie was able to get her hands on a
car and use it to smash the wall
allowing the walkers to get inside
pope gives the order to fire the watcha
with his people still in the courtyard
as daryl pulls out his knives leia stabs
pope in the net
leia cares about her people so she's not
on daryl's side either she lied to the
others that daryl killed pope and he is
with the enemy dixon murdered him
though she allows him to escape before
anyone gets there gracie and judith are
separated from the others and are stuck
in the basement
at the end of this episode for blood
maggie negan and daryl fight the reapers
leia orders her people to retreat and
fires the watcher
you